Add `osu! World Cup 2025: Group Stage Recap` news post (#13965)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-11-15-osu-world-cup-2025-group-stage-recap.md

How would the teams fare? How would the drama of the first two weeks of head-to-head play in this year's osu! World Cup unfold? Read on to find out!

If you prefer a more detailed recap, check out the video recap by [D I O](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3958619) here:

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/TMhYV730css" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Mappool recap

<style>
    .osu-md--news .audio-player {
        max-width: inherit;
    }
</style>

**[Download the pool here! (127 MB)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/P302)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/LV2AzL3ghpg?start=8086" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-11-15-osu-world-cup-2025-group-stage-recap/mappool.png)

> For the first head to head pool of the tournament, the Group Stage pool was mostly focused on easier maps and consistency. For starters, we had a couple of interesting customs, such as [rollpan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3062998)'s [Kyokugen BON Odori](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2455340#osu/5365982) and [Flask](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/959763)'s [Glass](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2455024#osu/5364986), the former being a speedy endeavor with a tapping focus (and an adorable storyboard to boot!), while the latter was a Chinese pop DT pick focused on flow and alt patterns, with a fairly tough solo section that made for many interesting points. Maps such as the technical [Heliosphere](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2455343#osu/5365985) and the streamy [NIGHTMARE INVITATION](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2454994#osu/5364927) are also new, showcasing osu! originals that debuted in other modes' world cups, something that the team has talked about being more keen to do this year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the first head-to-head pool of the tournament, the Group Stage pool was mostly focused on easier maps and consistency. For starters, we had a couple of interesting customs, such as [rollpan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3062998)'s [Kyokugen BON Odori](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2455340#osu/5365982) and [Flask](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/959763)'s [Glass](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2455024#osu/5364986), the former being a speedy endeavour with a tapping focus (and an adorable storyboard to boot!), while the latter was a Chinese pop DT pick focused on flow and alt patterns, with a fairly tough solo section that made for many interesting points. Maps such as the technical [Heliosphere](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2455343#osu/5365985) and the streamy [NIGHTMARE INVITATION](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2454994#osu/5364927) are also new, showcasing [osu! originals](/wiki/Community/Bespoke_music) that debuted in other modes' world cups, something that the team has talked about being more keen to do this year.
```

Not to be left unmentioned, [alien friend request](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2242333#osu/4766086) by [melon boy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3053382) and company was also a standout pick in the pool, being an extremely diverse mechanics map featuring a song made by the very mappers that created the map itself! A catchy, charming song on a fun, creative map made it a truly memorable selection.

---

This pool also had the first debut of an [osu! original](/wiki/osu!_originals) for the tournament, introducing the world to the jazzy, electronic [Showoff Showdown](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2455348#osu/5365995), by the great [MEMODEMO](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/508)!

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-11-15-osu-world-cup-2025-group-stage-recap/showoff_showdown_banner.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2455348#osu/5365995)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/508/Songs/MEMODEMO%20-%20Showoff%20Showdown.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

> A shorter, funky yet classy original, MEMODEMO's contributions were mapped by the one and only [Chaoslitz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3621552), being used as a precision Hard Rock pick with a flow alt focus. Throughout the 48 group stage matches, we got to know both the song and map very well, yet it seemed as if it never got old — a truly remarkable achievement.

Reviewer: link
consistent capitalisation

```suggestion
A shorter, funky yet classy original, [MEMODEMO](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/508)'s contributions were mapped by the one and only [Chaoslitz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3621552), being used as a precision Hard Rock pick with a flow alt focus. Throughout the 48 Group Stage matches, we got to know both the song and map very well, yet it seemed as if it never got old — a truly remarkable achievement.
```

**Highlight match:** [China vs Austria](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119769022) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2612848277?t=2h4m39s)). The #17 seed Austria gave China a tough fight, winning 3 points from a steep underdog position.

**Group MVP:** Captain ::{ flag=CN }:: [lolol235](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6090175) (a.k.a. Davidqu2) played every map for China en route to a 1.464 performance score to help lead his team to the #1 seed in the group.

### Group B

| # | Team | Wins | Losses | PF | PA | PD | Seed |
| :-: | :-- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| #1 | ::{ flag=NZ }:: New Zealand | **3** | 0 | 15 | 5 | **+10** | 16 |
| #2 | ::{ flag=RO }:: Romania | **1** | 2 | 9 | 11 | **-2** | 12 |
| #3 | ::{ flag=FI }:: Finland | **1** | 2 | 9 | 11 | **-2** | 22 |
| #4 | ::{ flag=ID }:: Indonesia | **1** | 2 | 6 | 12 | **-6** | 18 |

> Group B started off on the first weekend by matching most expectations, with Finland suffering a 2–5 loss against both [New Zealand](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119709590) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2606838974?t=0h4m23s)) and [Indonesia](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119720537) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2607784567?t=1h4m34s)). New Zealand went on to claim a commanding 3–0 result on the second weekend, but with Finland surprising everyone by beating [Romania 5–1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119771875) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2612999141?t=2h15m45s)), the #2 spot became anyone's game. All of the weight was placed on the final match of the group, Romania vs Indonesia: Indonesia's win would guarantee them top 2, while Romania had to win while dropping at most one point, or else Finland would place above both teams. With Indonesia winning the first point, Romania, with their backs against the wall, managed to clutch up five entire points in a row to put them into the [top 2 by the skin of their teeth](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119781605) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2613934492)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Group B started off on the first weekend by matching most expectations, with Finland suffering a 2–5 loss against both [New Zealand](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119709590) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2606838974?t=0h4m23s)) and [Indonesia](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119720537) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2607784567?t=1h4m34s)). New Zealand went on to claim a commanding 3–0 result on the second weekend, but with Finland surprising everyone by beating [Romania 5–1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119771875) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2612999141?t=2h15m45s)), the #2 spot became anyone's game. All of the weight was placed on the final match of the group, Romania vs. Indonesia: Indonesia's win would guarantee them top 2, while Romania had to win while dropping at most one point, or else Finland would place above both teams. With Indonesia winning the first point, Romania, with their backs against the wall, managed to clutch up five entire points in a row to put them into the [top 2 by the skin of their teeth](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119781605) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2613934492)).
```

**Highlight match:** [Chile vs Spain](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119713766) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2607171418?t=0h3m30s)) and [France vs Spain](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119783601) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2613988017?t=1h13m55s)) both have decent arguments as a highlight match in this group. Chile vs Spain is the one upset and the only tiebreaker in the group, while France vs Spain saw multiple scenarios at play based on the exact point-wise result of the match as the final match of the group.

**Group MVP:** ::{ flag=CL }:: [Intercambing](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2546001) returns to the osu! World Cup once again this year and comes out the gate swinging with a top 6 overall individual performance, by far the best in this group.

### Group D

| # | Team | Wins | Losses | PF | PA | PD | Seed |
| :-: | :-- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| #1 | ::{ flag=BR }:: Brazil | **2** | 1 | 13 | 9 | **+4** | 11 |
| #2 | ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines | **2** | 1 | 13 | 9 | **+4** | 14 |
| #3 | ::{ flag=SE }:: Sweden | **1** | 2 | 10 | 13 | **-3** | 19 |
| #4 | ::{ flag=NL }:: Netherlands | **1** | 2 | 8 | 13 | **-5** | 24 |

> Group D was expected to be the closest Challenger group on paper, but after week 1, it looked a bit boring. The first three matches in this group went exactly according to seeding, but in week 2, the upset floodgates opened. [Philippines 5–3 Brazil](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119771221) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2612999141?t=1h4m20s)), [Sweden 5–3 Philippines](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119781933) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2613838964?t=2h13m10s)), and [Netherlands 5–3 Sweden](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119784200) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2613988017?t=2h13m58s)), alongside Brazil's first two wins in week 1, mean that everyone beats everyone, and in the end, Brazil comes out on top. This group was so close that the top 2 teams tied in map wins, map losses, and point differential; the top 3 teams in this group were all in the top 6 of teams overall in the group stage; and the Netherlands still managed to take a win on one of those top 3 teams. All four of these teams are threats going into the bracket stage.

Reviewer: semicolon constructions can be confusing

```suggestion
Group D was expected to be the closest Challenger group on paper, but after week 1, it looked a bit boring. The first three matches in this group went exactly according to seeding, but in week 2, the upset floodgates opened. [Philippines 5–3 Brazil](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119771221) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2612999141?t=1h4m20s)), [Sweden 5–3 Philippines](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119781933) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2613838964?t=2h13m10s)), and [Netherlands 5–3 Sweden](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119784200) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2613988017?t=2h13m58s)), alongside Brazil's first two wins in week 1, mean that everyone beats everyone, and in the end, Brazil comes out on top. This group was so close that the top 2 teams tied in map wins, map losses, and point differential. Not only that, but the top 3 teams in this group were all in the top 6 of teams overall in the group stage, and the Netherlands *still* managed to commendably take a win on one of those top 3 teams. All 4 of these teams are going to be threats in the bracket stage.
```

**Highlight match:** Vietnam vs Malaysia. The first match of the group to be played was the most important of all as it would eventually determine the #2 and #3 seeds.

**Group MVP:** Despite failing to advance from the group, Vietnam's ::{ flag=VN }:: [def](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/21619075) was the highest-rated player in Group E, participating in all 22 maps for his team and finishing with a 1.376 performance score.

### Group F

| # | Team | Wins | Losses | PF | PA | PD | Seed |
| :-: | :-- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| #1 | ::{ flag=TR }:: Türkiye | **3** | 0 | 15 | 3 | **+12** | 25 |
| #2 | ::{ flag=AR }:: Argentina | **2** | 1 | 11 | 11 | **0** | 30 |
| #3 | ::{ flag=BE }:: Belgium | **1** | 2 | 8 | 14 | **-6** | 38 |
| #4 | ::{ flag=UY }:: Uruguay | **0** | 3 | 9 | 15 | **-6** | 34 |

> Group F featured a somewhat surprising participant in Türkiye, who finished in the top 16 of last year's osu! World Cup and looked to be on an upward trend yet fell down to seed #25 in this year's Qualifiers. They proved believers right by running through the group to a 3–0 record with a strong +12 point differential. The other three teams fought valiantly against one another to attempt to claim the remaining spot in the bracket, including Belgium, getting through Qualifiers for the first time ever, battling against perennial participants Argentina and Uruguay. The group came down to the wire as the [Uruguay vs Belgium](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119783013) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2614065130)) and [Argentina vs Uruguay](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119784197) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2614160224)) matches both went to tiebreakers, but it was Argentina who finished second in the group by defeating both Belgium and Uruguay.

Reviewer: pedantic, but "who" is for people, and we're talking about countries/teams

```suggestion
Group F featured a somewhat surprising participant in Türkiye, finishing in the top 16 of last year's osu! World Cup and looked to be on an upward trend yet fell down to seed #25 in this year's Qualifiers. They proved believers right by bulldozing through the group with a 3–0 record and a strong +12 point differential. The other three teams fought valiantly against one another to attempt to claim the remaining spot in the bracket, including Belgium, getting through Qualifiers for the first time ever, battling against perennial participants Argentina and Uruguay. The group came down to the wire as the [Uruguay vs Belgium](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119783013) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2614065130)) and [Argentina vs Uruguay](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119784197) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2614160224)) matches both went to tiebreakers, but it was Argentina who finished second in the group by defeating both Belgium and Uruguay.
```

> **Highlight match:** Both tiebreaker matches were highly exciting in their own right, with Belgium finding a long-awaited win in a World Cup in their TB win while Argentina vs Uruguay featured a back-and-forth battle of carry performances that came down to a score difference of only 19,869 points when the dust settled!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Highlight match:** Both tiebreaker matches were highly exciting in their own right, with Belgium finding a long-awaited World Cup win in their tiebreaker map, while Argentina vs Uruguay featured a back-and-forth battle of carry performances that came down to a score difference of only 19,869 points when the dust settled!
```

> **Group MVP:** ::{ flag=TR }:: [Raikouhou](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8007528) was, in a word, stellar. He FCed a ridiculous 13 of the 14 maps he played, earning himself the 5th-best performance score of all Group Stage participants at 1.619. His scores [might need to be seen to be believed](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13ovPsPHgma8evar5czRmjhl0OGKybuzP9nvi95XFlxc/edit?gid=1147375018#gid=1147375018), including the #1 overall scores on NM1 and HR2, the #1, #3, and #4 scores on DT3, and 3 of the top 10 scores on NM2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Group MVP:** ::{ flag=TR }:: [Raikouhou](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8007528) was, in a word, stellar. He FC'd a ridiculous 13 of the 14 maps he played, earning himself the 5th-best performance score of all Group Stage participants at 1.619. His scores [might need to be seen to be believed](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13ovPsPHgma8evar5czRmjhl0OGKybuzP9nvi95XFlxc/edit?gid=1147375018#gid=1147375018), including the #1 overall scores on NM1 and HR2, the #1, #3, and #4 scores on DT3, and 3 of the top 10 scores on NM2.
```

**Highlight match:** [Singapore vs Hong Kong](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/119721465) ([VOD](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2607784567?t=3h3m7s)) went to tiebreaker as the effective deciding match in the group.

**Group MVP:** ::{ flag=HK }:: [misha awa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14503423), while unable to carry Hong Kong into the losers' bracket, still made the top 5 in individual performances across the entire group stage, showcasing the raw skill he has accrued over the last year of community tournaments and almost pulling through in the tiebreaker against Singapore.

---

> The bracket stage of this year's OWC begins Saturday, November 15th (that's today!) with the Round of 16 and Losers Bracket Round 1! Head over to [the wiki](/wiki/Tournaments/OWC/2025) or [information sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1QM6MUJzZFW-mtD7r1ExRBQOCjs2eWoOmWNDDG-n2PHE?rm=minimal) for match schedules and all of the tournament details, and join the stream at [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) and [osulive_2](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive_2) to catch all the action and cheer on your favourite teams!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bracket stage of this year's OWC begins Saturday, November 15th with the Round of 16 and losers' bracket round 1. (That's today! [Go watch the matches!](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive))

Head over to [the wiki](/wiki/Tournaments/OWC/2025) or [information sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1QM6MUJzZFW-mtD7r1ExRBQOCjs2eWoOmWNDDG-n2PHE?rm=minimal) for match schedules and all of the tournament details, and join the stream at [osulive](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive) and [osulive_2](https://www.twitch.tv/osulive_2) to catch all the action and cheer on your favourite teams!
```
